#HEADER Using Command Prompt to enumerate objects in Active Directory.
Every Windows computer will have Command Prompt already available and some of these commands can be run on any workstation connected to the domain without admin permissions. This allows you to be able to create list of users, groups, workstations, etc. on the domain without having to install any tools. 
1. Using NET USER to generate a list of user accounts.
In a Command Prompt window simply run the command NET USER. This will generate a list of all local accounts on a machine. Keep in mind these are LOCAL accounts. They exist only on the workstation the command was run on. They do no exist in the Domain Controller. It is still important to take count of what exists locally on a machine as a local admin can still make significant changes to a workstation. You can find more information about each account by running the command NET USER <Account name>. This will give information such as any groups it belongs to (e.g. Administrators) as well as if it is currently enabled.
To enemurate accounts on a domain you can instead run NET USERS /DOMAIN. The /DOMAIN switch will instead query the Primary Domain Controller (PDC) for user accounts rather than the local workstation. If you want to generate a text file from the output of NET USER (or any of the commands we will run) you can instead run NET USERS /DOMAIN >[NAME OF FILE].txt. Appending >[FILENAME].txt to any of the commands will generate a text file in your current working directory. 
2. Using NET GROUP to generate a list of global groups on a domain controller.
Similar to querying a DC for domain users, running NET GROUP /DOMAIN, will generate a list of groups on the domain controllers. Groups are generally how permissions are assigned. For example the BuiltIn Administrators group on a DC generally will give what most people think of as "God Rights" on a network. Ex. Access to read/write every file or install new software. Some times you may see groups such as Finance Folder Write, which can be used to create security permissions on folders. Service accounts may also belong special groups. In general it is better to keep permissions tied to groups and assign users to those groups, instead of explicitly giving a specific user special permissions. Keepy this in mind when thinking about which groups seem more enticing for Red Team to attack. 
Much like with NET USER, running NET GROUP <GROUP NAME> /DOMAIN will provide more information about the group, including all the members. This is definitely more useful for finding out which users are Administrators, instead of querying each user account indvidually. 


#HEADER Using BloodHound to enumerate and assess the vulnerabilities in AD.
BloodHound will require an install on a machine that will be running NEO4J database, but this machine does not have to be a part of the domain, or even network, that is being assessed. For CyberDawn, BloodHound comes preinstalled on any of the BlueTeam Landing workstations, but for personal use, I highly recommend going through the BloodHound CE install #HYPERLINK here.  
